okay this next video is going to be
about double soon but it's also going to
include an easy-to-learn CEO a little
which if not you use it for the CLL case
you can use it to perform the algorithm
from this angle so this algorithm can be
performed from any angle so to say when
you finish you're after up here and you
get the case from this angle you don't
have to do the Y or the U or whatever
you can still perform it from this angle
any you can there and there Co a little
algorithm is just as fast if not faster
than normal algorithm so we'll go
through the normal double soon algorithm
a couple of twice so you can follow
along and then we'll move on to the CLO
and what you look for apart from the
headlights on either side if you want to
know if the corners are going to be
permuted or not is your cystic a pair at
the back orange and orange and then
you'll see a sticker pair at front read
and write but it could be any different
colors like blue and blue and then there
could be green and green order so the
algorithm for this is hunt and there's
six you move three times you are prime u
prime u prime u prime u prime u prime F
prime now what I like to do instead of
that which I find a little bit more
comfortable more easy to do faster is
instead of doing a sexy move I'll do the
sexy move backwards so I usually go his
front u R u prime R prime u R u prime R
prime u R u prime R prime F Prime so now
onto the fun bit there's c ool okay the
serial or case now what this all
preferred allow you to do is when you
get the case from this angle you can
still perform it but when you get the
case from this angle you can perform
this you know a little algorithm rather
than rotate the cube or to ru or
whatever now if you want to look for
this case actually perform it
as this CLL what you look for is like in
this case if this nigga pair is at the
back and in the front you can just do
the normal algorithm and you get an
edges / muted case so the exactly the
same thing applies to the algorithm from
this angle if you get the headlights
from the right and left
yeah the sticker pair at the back and
stick a pair at the front so if you see
this let's take a pair on either side if
you want to perform it as a CEO at all
you can hold it at this angle and do the
algorithm R u R prime u R u prime R
prime you are YouTube prime R prime and
you get a corners commuted but even if
we don't have the CL a little case if
you still when you finish your after L
you get the case from this angle you can
still perform this algorithm because
it's just as fast if not faster than the
normal gallery offering this way so
we'll go through the algorithm a couple
of times they can follow along you are
prime u u prime R prime view our YouTube
prime R prime so we'll go through that
twice more and this being the serial o
case we're going to have our corners /
muted ah you are prime u R u prime R
prime you are YouTube prime R prime this
also is the case because we have our
pair at the back and front so we go R u
R prime u u prime R prime u YouTube
prime R prime and we have
- thank you very much